It becomes world of tanks video part 112
This time the German Thiago medium tank 45 h type in the video before participation in the 7.5 cm method
I wanted to make a 10.5 stream movie, but recently I wasn't able to get on the plating
It has been pulled out from the warehouse
This battle is a tier 7 upper limit
Let earns Pechipechi and damage without quenching unreasonable
Let's facing this state on the west side in the battle start Risupon position was the top
If you are lucky you may see enemies coming from you
Ne
I 'm afraid that premonition of the movement of that Sanrokumaruichi
Naa likely attached to the two district positive in that it is good to su 1 No.
Koch apparently hellcat is the manner was reflected in how the us went to spot the enemy
Get ready for the first time in position
I feel only be in that it looked'll But there tapir Hey position beat smb. Up by ganging up on the Oh
I have not seen anything and let's go down
It is impossible to stop the front line with just this guy
Heading is weak and
The main body of Kana which has been lowered to the safe zone is concentrated in the city area
To switch to
It looks like the enemy is also slightly more central
There is a house or something like it is not likely to hit it in a bad position, or an enemy from a western farmer
You're hitting me to cover it
Should I hold back here ?
If you do not manage to come home from this hill, the view of the city area will be destroyed by cross fire
Is it possible to sniper where I came and let it go down?
I received a useless shot while I was waiting
As we showed the movement that the view on the north side piles up here, it is better to move forward in line with this
Let's go from this Kagawa
I can only see at pass cupola
Useless advance forward advance
I moved to the position where I saw it because it is an atmosphere that urban members are likely to break through
The enemy has been seen here and there.
Do that guy
Because the technique of love is strong, it will be blown away
Follow
Enemy may also take evasive action
First of all, one more shot
Well , I would like to go to the position of Sanroku Maruichi .
There are many enemies who still seem to be defeated if they are standing still
Mochoi When asked engage the enemy that the foot Maruichi is beaten down enemy comes proceed
Let's prepare for it
May come from the west or may climb this hill
I will wait in a position where you can see both
It is likely to come out
Follow
Already
Please
I managed to defeat it well but there are still enemies remaining
Do you want to go out to work from here while you are buying with numbers ?
I would like to go on the west side of the line if possible
However I If you do not defeat the black sea bream that are hidden earlier in the back
Actually I was thinking of a surprise attack from the west side
Route Let's do I in the one-car also appeared smell only enemy that was found too sweet
It should have been quicker for 6 points
I did it, and I thought it was 3 p 1 p
Let's start from where Sthal Emile was
It looks like I 'll hit it somehow
Let 's go down, let's do it from Ms.
Soi Ya
I can go down one more shot
I hit it
Is it a chance to come out to the square from myself
Abba Yo
Now there is still some control over Sthal Emir in the northwest.
The war situation is in a state of antagonism to head a little from the city side to see the possibility of Emil coming out
I want to go here carefully
There it is
Follow
me
I hit it
The issue should have been long, calm and slow
Riding Well
This is good after the m 4 45-3
It is thought that both will enter the map southeast
If this is left as it is, the rest 8 will be handed over the role of a scout to each other in this and the east allies after this
As it was likely to do the same exchange for about a minute , take me at at 2 nearby
Thing to me that the sash or have at east three sides also edged To proceed move towards specific base side
is
This is a chat and exchange of maps only, so fast forward
Yoshi Yoshi at 2 seems to be coming
Eat it 45 of the enemy were visible
He's 10.5 centimeters
Yaro go another shot
Follow
Was it alright hidden behind the house?
I wonder if it is a house that can be broken
def
It looks like it's not completely broken
Besides, you can see the enemy's m 4 already, but you can leave other allies in battle.
Wonder
I see it again
Although it seems to be able to bring in up to Naa once partially destroyed'm not missing here
It is not realistic to open a house gap
Let's pack
In addition , at 2 of dying is thrust into here, and it is here to put together and defeat
Let's go
m 4 The perspective did it 45 left it
Or Mukkuru
No problem
I will put a piece at a stretch by sandwiching this as it is
Get your ad call and you 're ready to go
Name fur
Somewhat yes Yes I left-left
End of battle This is the victory m get the badge
I just looked back now and I didn't have the time to make it in the early stages
Video ends here
Thank you for your viewing